Let's go ahead and create a class called Finder.
Okay, just bear with me here.
My say class.
The idea is that this class will enclose a function that will be able to find an item from a list that
we provide to it.
A property here, a field.
So I'm going to use private.
We haven't seen this, but private means that this field is not accessible by anyone but the class,
this class, right?
And let's say foul and then list.
And then I'm going to create actually a list and then I'm going to put inside of angle brackets like
this.
I'm going to put the types that this list will contain.
OK, so it's just a list in general.
And so here inside of this angle brackets, we're going to pass what's called the types that are needed
or the types.
This list will be expecting to host.
So in this case, I'm going to say it's going to be a string list of string.
OK.
And an inside here of our class finder, we're going to create a function phone called this find item.
And then to find an item, I can remember.
There are many other ways to find an item in the list.
So this is not necessarily the best way this just to illustrate something that I want to illustrate
to you.
So unless they find item, in this case, I'm going to pass the element that we need to find a critical
element to such a search and then going to make it a string type.
But then inside of this function here, I'm going to pass another function because we know this is very
possible to do.
And so unless a found item in this.
Found item here, of course, as a property parameter.
I'm going to make it function, as I said, and in this case, I'm going to say it's going to expect
an element which is going to be type of string as a parameter.
And I'm going to append this exclamation point because I want this to be multiple because the idea is
if no element is found, I want to be able to pass inside of this found item or this element inside
of this function here, I want to be able to pass a null value.
So what do you do?
You put this exclamation point and such?
All right.
So and then of course, I'm going to return the unit as such.
And if you remember correctly, if we have a function that we are calling with every passing as a parameter
and this function is the last parameter that should ring a bell, that means then this can be this can
be accessed as lambda.
And we'll see that.
OK, so let's give a body to this function.
So what I'm going to do here, I would say Val for someone to create an item found variable.
And then when I said that to the list we were getting and I want to use the filter method, which is
actually a lambda, right?
You said before in the here, I'm going to put past a predicate white or something.
I see it if it is equal to the element that we are trying to look for.
Right, then we know we've found that element.
And to remember when we filter a list, what's the return is going to be a list, right?
So that's why we put that inside of this item found.
So at this point, we will have found that list, or I should say that item we're looking for, it's
going to be inside of a new list which is going to be inside an item found can say item found lists.
It has to be more specific.
All right.
So and then outside here, because I still have this found item, which is a function that we're passing,
I want to pass something to it.
OK.
So in this case, I would say if item found item, at least I should say.
Is not null or empty.
If that's the case, then let's say found item that function there and I'm going to pass this case.
No, because you just can say, well, there's no element that's been found right?
Because the item found list, which we use this filter here is empty.
So it doesn't have anything.
So we're just going to say, well, we found nothing else.
We are going to say found item and then we're going to pass the item that we found.
Now you have to remember, this item found the list, right?
It is indeed a list which will contain one item.
So I'm going to get the item itself.
So when I say item found list again and then I'm going to just say Dot first item, but this will just
go ahead and get the first item we can find, which incidentally, is going to be the only item that
was found on a list.
So one that's that's fine.
So let's go and see, how can we invoke this fine item here, which is inside of is find a class.
So in Maine, I'm going to say, Val, first off, I'm going to create a list, right?
Items and was a list of just to simplify things, I'm going to pass a few elements here.
They have to be strings.
Let's say I fail.
Jean George and James, of course.
All right.
So we have a list of names there.
Next, we're going to say Val, and I'm going to say, find her.
It's going to be equal to find or make sure we're getting our finder that it was just creating that
this sand tools package there.
All right.
And then we have to pass the list in this case is going to be a list of items.
So let's say list and pass the list of items.
OK, very good.
And then once they find her and invoke the find element because we can see the element, I'm just going
to go ahead and pass here.
Element is going to be a string and I want to find Gina first.
Let's see what's going to happen.
All right now, we're having a little issue here because remember a find item there isn't this found
item function that we passed as a parameter and we can put trailing lambda like this.
And of course, we're going to return either a null string or an actual string.
So in this case here, I'm just going to say print l n and pass our item if I can.
When I say found Item II such an item, this has to be it could have changed this item, but that's
fine.
OK.
Very simple.
Let's see what's going to happen if we run this.
All right.
It says here, found Gina.
Very good, so it works.
What if I just put an empty string just to see both cases?
Found, no, that's great, because we found nothing.
So as we say here, if there's nothing in there, we're just going to pass.
No to be found item function there.
OK, so it's working perfectly.
Now we have a problem here.
The problem is that this find her class and find item function inside of it only work for one types.
In this case, only works for a list of strings.
Because if I were to create another list here, say, wow, list of numbers, for instance, say a list
of and pass here a few numbers.
And pass this list of numbers to our finder like this?
We're going to have issues if you have a over, you will see that we have type mismatch required list
strings, right?
But found a list of it.
All right.
So this is not good because now we have some sort of a limitation of what we can pass on to our finder
class and incidentally on to our find item function.
So this problem here can be solved in a few ways we can create duplicate this code, create another
finder and then put a list in here instead of say.
So change the types here, right to enter into an event and then call it good in a few changes that
then we're good.
OK.
And if we want to, for instance, find a Boolean type or even a custom type of data type that we created
will have to do the same thing.
But there is a better way.
They are always called generics, which we are going to talk about in the next video.